bilikisu-christina blog post intro (#542)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2023-04-25-champions-program-teams/index.md

## Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji - Champion

{{< figure src = "/img/team/bilikisu-wunmi-olatunji-mentee.jpeg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji" caption = "<center><strong>Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji</strong></center>">}}
Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji, MSc., University of Liverpool, UK. I’m a Data Scientist and RShiny Developer from Nigeria based in the country’s capital city, Abuja. I’m a certified RStudio Instructor for Tidyverse and R Shiny. I’m also. the founder and co-organizer of Abuja R Users Group and R-Ladies Abuja.  My interest is in geospatial data science and I have been working on several related projects using R. As an independent consultant, I’m a certified Scrum Master, Product Owner, and Agile Coach.

I’ll be working on package to ease the use of geospatial data for Microplanning in public health. I’ll also be volunteering on other projects to strengthen the r open science community.

</br>

## Christina Maimone - Mentor

{{< figure src = "/img/team/christina-maimone-mentor.jpg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Christina Maimone" caption = "<center><strong>Christina Maimone</strong></center>">}}

> Christina Maimone is a mentor in the Champions Program.  She leads a team of data scientists who support researchers at Northwestern University in the United States, as well as teaching in the Health Analytics program.  Her background is in computational social science, with a PhD in political science and MS in statistics from Stanford University.  She has been using and teaching R for over 20 years.  Christina is active in the research software and research computing communities as a member of the US Research Software Engineer Association (US-RSE) Steering Committee, co-chair of the CaRCC Research Computing and Data Professionalization working group, and a reviewer for JOSS.

Author: I am the associate director of research data services for Northwestern University's Research Computing Services team (Chicago, USA).  Our team provides data science, data visualization, software development, and data management support and training for researchers at the university.  I also teach data visualization in the MS in Health Analytics program at Northwestern.  I'm a founding member of the [US Research Software Engineer (US-RSE) Association](https://www.us-rse.org) steering committee, and I'm active in the research computing and data community with organizations including [CaRCC](https://carcc.org/).  

I've been using and teaching R for over 20 years.  My background is in computational social science.  I have a PhD in political science and MS in statistics from Stanford University.

I've been a reviewer for JOSS, but not for any rOpenSci packages yet, so the Champions program is a way for me to help contribute to the community.  Building and maintaining communities is hard, so I'm happy to support efforts that encourage more people to actively engage and become new leaders.  I hope to see more R developers active in the research software engineering community as well.

> Christina Maimone is a mentor in the Champions Program.  She leads a team of data scientists who support researchers at Northwestern University in the United States, as well as teaching in the Health Analytics program.  Her background is in computational social science, with a PhD in political science and MS in statistics from Stanford University.  She has been using and teaching R for over 20 years.  Christina is active in the research software and research computing communities as a member of the US Research Software Engineer Association (US-RSE) Steering Committee, co-chair of the CaRCC Research Computing and Data Professionalization working group, and a reviewer for JOSS.

Author: ```suggestion
I am the associate director of research data services for Northwestern University's Research Computing Services team (Chicago, USA). Our team provides data science, data visualization, software development, and data management support and training for researchers at the university. I also teach data visualization in the MS in Health Analytics program at Northwestern. I'm a founding member of the [US Research Software Engineer (US-RSE) Association](https://www.us-rse.org/) steering committee, and I'm active in the research computing and data community with organizations including [CaRCC](https://carcc.org/).

I've been using and teaching R for over 20 years. My background is in computational social science. I have a PhD in political science and MS in statistics from Stanford University.

I've been a reviewer for JOSS, but not for any rOpenSci packages yet, so the Champions program is a way for me to help contribute to the community. Building and maintaining communities is hard, so I'm happy to support efforts that encourage more people to actively engage and become new leaders. I hope to see more R developers active in the research software engineering community as well.
```

---
title: "rOpenSci Champions Program Teams: Meet Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji and Christina Maimone"
author:
  - Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji
  - Christina Maimone
date: '2023-04-25'
tags:
  - community
  - champions program
featured: true
description: "Introducing Champions and Mentors - Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji and Christina Maimone"
---

*We designed the [rOpenSci Champions Program](/champions/) with a mentorship aspect. Mentoring plays a significant role in the growth and development of both mentors and mentees alike. In our program, each Champion has a mentor who accompanies them during their training and development of their project.*

*In this series of blog posts, we introduce you to the ten teams of this first cohort and what they will be working on in the program.*

Meet **Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji** from Nigeria and **Christina Maimone** from United States!

## Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji - Champion

{{< figure src = "/img/team/bilikisu-wunmi-olatunji-mentee.jpeg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji" caption = "<center><strong>Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji</strong></center>">}}

> Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji, MSc., University of Liverpool, UK. I’m a Data Scientist and RShiny Developer from Nigeria based in the country’s capital city, Abuja. I’m a certified RStudio Instructor for Tidyverse and R Shiny. I’m also. the founder and co-organizer of Abuja R Users Group and R-Ladies Abuja.  My interest is in geospatial data science and I have been working on several related projects using R. As an independent consultant, I’m a certified Scrum Master, Product Owner, and Agile Coach.

Author: ```suggestion
Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji, MSc., University of Liverpool, UK. I'm a Data
Scientist and RShiny Developer from Nigeria based in the country's capital
city, Abuja. I'm a certified RStudio Instructor for Tidyverse and R Shiny.

I'm also the founder and co-organizer of Abuja R Users Group and R-Ladies
Abuja. My interest is in geospatial data science and I have been working on
several related projects using R. 
```

*In this series of blog posts, we introduce you to the ten teams of this first cohort and what they will be working on in the program.*

Meet **Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji** from Nigeria and **Christina Maimone** from United States!

## Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji - Champion

{{< figure src = "/img/team/bilikisu-wunmi-olatunji-mentee.jpeg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji" caption = "<center><strong>Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji</strong></center>">}}
Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji, MSc., University of Liverpool, UK. I'm a Data
Scientist and RShiny Developer from Nigeria based in the country's capital
city, Abuja. I'm a certified RStudio Instructor for Tidyverse and R Shiny.

I'm also the founder and co-organizer of Abuja R Users Group and R-Ladies
Abuja. My interest is in geospatial data science and I have been working on
several related projects using R. 

> I’ll be working on package to ease the use of geospatial data for Microplanning in public health. I’ll also be volunteering on other projects to strengthen the r open science community.

Author: ```suggestion
I'll be working on a package to ease the
use of geospatial data for Microplanning in public health. I'll also be volunteering on other projects to strengthen the R open science community.

```

---
title: "rOpenSci Champions Program Teams: Meet Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji and Christina Maimone"
author:
  - Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji
  - Christina Maimone
date: '2023-04-25'
tags:
  - community
  - champions program
featured: true
description: "Introducing Champions and Mentors - Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji and Christina Maimone"
---

*We designed the [rOpenSci Champions Program](/champions/) with a mentorship aspect. Mentoring plays a significant role in the growth and development of both mentors and mentees alike. In our program, each Champion has a mentor who accompanies them during their training and development of their project.*

*In this series of blog posts, we introduce you to the ten teams of this first cohort and what they will be working on in the program.*

Meet **Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji** from Nigeria and **Christina Maimone** from United States!

> ## Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji - Champion

Author: ```suggestion
## Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji, MSc., University of Liverpool, UK - Champion
```

{{< figure src = "/img/team/bilikisu-wunmi-olatunji-mentee.jpeg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji" caption = "<center><strong>Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji</strong></center>">}}

> Bilikisu Wunmi Olatunji, MSc., University of Liverpool, UK. I'm a Data

Author: ```suggestion
I'm a Data
```

Scientist and RShiny Developer from Nigeria based in the country's capital
city, Abuja. I'm a certified RStudio Instructor for Tidyverse and R Shiny.

I'm also the founder and co-organizer of Abuja R Users Group and R-Ladies
Abuja. My interest is in geospatial data science and I have been working on
several related projects using R. 

I'll be working on a package to ease the
use of geospatial data for Microplanning in public health. I'll also be volunteering on other projects to strengthen the R open science community.

</br>

## Christina Maimone - Mentor

{{< figure src = "/img/team/christina-maimone-mentor.jpg" class = "pull-left" width = "300" alt = "Profile photo of Christina Maimone" caption = "<center><strong>Christina Maimone</strong></center>">}}

> I am the associate director of research data services for Northwestern University's Research Computing Services team (Chicago, USA). Our team provides data science, data visualization, software development, and data management support and training for researchers at the university. I also teach data visualization in the MS in Health Analytics program at Northwestern. I'm a founding member of the [US Research Software Engineer (US-RSE) Association](https://www.us-rse.org/) steering committee, and I'm active in the research computing and data community with organizations including [CaRCC](https://carcc.org/).

Reviewer: Otherwise there's a security certificate issue 🤷🏼‍♀️ 
```suggestion
I am the associate director of research data services for Northwestern University's Research Computing Services team (Chicago, USA). Our team provides data science, data visualization, software development, and data management support and training for researchers at the university. I also teach data visualization in the MS in Health Analytics program at Northwestern. I'm a founding member of the [US Research Software Engineer (US-RSE) Association](https://us-rse.org/) steering committee, and I'm active in the research computing and data community with organizations including [CaRCC](https://carcc.org/).
```

I've been using and teaching R for over 20 years. My background is in computational social science. I have a PhD in political science and MS in statistics from Stanford University.

I've been a reviewer for JOSS, but not for any rOpenSci packages yet, so the Champions program is a way for me to help contribute to the community. Building and maintaining communities is hard, so I'm happy to support efforts that encourage more people to actively engage and become new leaders. I hope to see more R developers active in the research software engineering community as well.

> We're excited to have both Bilikisu and Christina as part of the Champions program and can't wait to see what this partnership yields. Stay-tuned for the next series of introductions 😉 .

Author: ```suggestion
_We're excited to have both Bilikisu and Christina as part of the Champions program and can't wait to see what this partnership yields. Stay-tuned for the next series of introductions_ 😉 .
```
